Updating SL Snowflake QS (#8149)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/guides/sl-snowflake-qs.md

> 

Reviewer: hey @matthewshaver above this line ^ I see this dbt_utils reference:

> ```sql
> packages:
>  - package: dbt-labs/dbt_utils
>    version: 1.1.1
> ```

Is this the old way and should it be replaced?

</File>

> 7. Create a MetricFlow time spine model following the [MetricFlow time spine guide](/guides/mf-time-spine?step=1). This replaces the old dbt_utils approach and avoids deprecation warnings.

Author: ```suggestion
7. Create a MetricFlow time spine model following the [MetricFlow time spine guide](/guides/mf-time-spine?step=1). If you've got an existing time spine in your project configured before v1.9, this method replaces the old `dbt_utils` approach, avoids deprecation warnings when using v1.10+, and is required for upgrading to the <Constant name="fusion_engine" />.
```

> 7. Create a MetricFlow time spine model following the [MetricFlow time spine guide](/guides/mf-time-spine?step=1). If you've got an existing time spine in your project configured before v1.9, this method replaces the old `dbt_utils` approach, avoids deprecation warnings when using v1.10+, and is required for upgrading to the <Constant name="fusion_engine" />.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
7. Create a MetricFlow time spine model following the [MetricFlow time spine guide](/guides/mf-time-spine?step=1). 

    **Note:** If your project already uses a time spine configured before v1.9, you can use this method to replace the old `dbt_utils` approach. This new method avoids deprecation warnings in v1.10+ and is required for upgrading to the <Constant name="fusion" /> Engine.
```
